h1. Bopango Webapp


h1. API keys

h2. Google Maps API keys

uys.be: ABQIAAAAFbe0T0dzcuVJrktJ3Um1wRSDhSbWPhdAHdoI-bWURTSzkNVpbBRKjvpvYNG1ideFhDYhLkJTmjRfmA
localhost: ABQIAAAAFbe0T0dzcuVJrktJ3Um1wRT2yXp_ZAY8_ufC3CFXhHIE1NvwkxQoGK7I3-_WyLI3kxz5Hlvhd4Q_5A
bopango.net: ABQIAAAAFbe0T0dzcuVJrktJ3Um1wRQiaxsaJr2m8bC_9uzhRb-69XhVihTOUEyWCMxkzKAEsckTCx3JdersKw

h2. FaceBook API keys

bopango.net
App ID: 115578888505254
App secret: 50f5e7d0a8e4b73a0270ecf07394b02c

localhost:8080
App ID: 166972886664110
App secret: 1c1f2167d4ffa5223363d2238c12e8f1

h1. TO-DO

See the deliverables list:
https://spreadsheets.google.com/ccc?key=0AgL0Wcu_utXxdF9zTTNaUFhhZDJyUDV2ZTFka3AxSmc&hl=en#gid=0

h2. High priority

TODO orders: menu and dish selection
TODO guest details

h2. Medium priority

TODO scala+liftweb payment APIs
TODO user roles ('type' as per db schema diagram)
See http://groups.google.com/group/liftweb/browse_thread/thread/6e6caddac5589fcf

TODO bookings across timezones
** perhaps use a MappedTimezone for a venue, in case the user books a venue from the other side of the world.
** does ProtoUser have a MappedLocale?

TODO have Menus and Dishes default to Chain with ability to override in Venue

h1. Server info

* http://wavded.tumblr.com/post/258713913/installing-tomcat-6-on-centos-5
* rpm -ql tomcat6.noarch

/var/lib/tomcat6/webapps
/var/www/vhosts/bopango.net/conf

h2. Stopping/starting

service httpd stop
service tomcat6 stop

h1. Migration

Currrent: Scala 2.8.0 and Lift 2.1
Future: Scala 2.8.1 and Lift 2.2-SNAPSHOT (or stable, or 2.3)

h1. Developer

Run locally with sbt jetty-run

h1. Deploying

TODO do this first to apply Capistrano to project properly:

(see new ebook in 'Documents/ebook/devops' folder

As of cap2, the --apply-to option is dead. Instead, you should use  
the new capify script:

 capify /path/to/rails/root/app/

h1. Management

git clone git@gitosis.net-a-porter.com:/puppet.git 
See /Users/juanuys/Documents/src/nap/puppet

Also read ebook (download it first):
"Capistrano and the Rails Application Lifecycle"

On Linode:
http://library.linode.com/application-stacks/puppet/installation
http://library.linode.com/application-stacks/puppet/automation
